Add migration docs (#9)
exercism/v3-launch: migration/README.md

To prepare each track for Exercism V3, we'll create a PR to automatically update the track to the structure required for V3 (where possible). The PR should contain individual commits for each type of change made, to benefit reviewing.

There are two types of tracks:

> - V3 tracks: these tracks have done work to get the track ready for v3. Their contents is located in the [v3 repo](https://github.com/exercism/v3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- V3 tracks: these tracks have started getting their track ready for v3. Their contents is located in the [v3 repo](https://github.com/exercism/v3).

```

> - V2 tracks: these tracks have _not_ done any work to get the track ready for v3. Their contents is located in the track's repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- V2 tracks: these tracks have _not_ done any work to get the track ready for v3. The contents of their track are located in the track's repo.

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Depending on which category your track falls into, we will run the following:

```
